{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh12420\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MTM 6230 Web Portfolio Reflection\
\
Design Concept:\
I liked how the one page gallery we have done in class week 2. It is simple and easy to view. So I took that template and modified it to my own. The structure is very similar, but I have added more sections and use flex box layout to organize the content. The site should be responsive according to the user\'92s device.\
1. I have included my name and title as the title of the page in the middle top of the page. Yellow is used for the font in contrast with the blue looking background, so it\'92s easy for users to read. My name appear in larger font so it catches first attention. Both the words in the header and the navigation bar are in yellow, which is the color of my logo to keep consistency.\
2. The navigation tabs link to respective section of the site. \
(1) Primary navigations are Home, About, Works and Contact. Note that I have replaced \'93Home\'94 with actual logo, linked to the home page, which is the top section of the site in this case. \
(2) Under Works, there are 6 secondary navigations that link to specific category of portfolio I showcase on the site. \
(3) In the end of primary navigation bar, a social media link to Linkedin is provided if the viewer wants to know more about me or contact me via Linkedin. \
3. In \'93About\'94 section, I have simply put yellow background under the text area and no background behind the photo. In this way, it separates the two contents I am presenting in the same row.\
4. Besides About and Contact, each section of \'93Works\'94 is structure in the same way. This creates consistency throughout the entire site. \
(1) I put the same banner background contrast with the title. I gave the title of each section a shadow style to make the font looks more interesting. \
(2) I purposely arranged demo reel in the first section before \'93About\'94 section because I want to present it to viewers first. Light blue is selected as the background color of \'93Demo Reel\'94 section, separating it from the other sections under \'93Works\'94. \
(3) If the viewer clicks on the image, a new window will appear that shows a larger size of the image alone, which allows the viewer to take a closer examination of the work. \
(4) Note that under \'93Film Projects\'94, I have included the trailer / breakdown videos of each film project I have worked on, the shots presented aren\'92t necessarily solely done by myself. They give viewers an idea of which films I have contributed to. \
5. \'93Contact\'94 section is placed in the end of the page so viewers can leave a message to me if they are interested in my portfolio content. \
\
Techniques Involved:\
1. html and css are used for the site.\
2. reset.css is copied to the first part of the file style.css to reset the style of the site.\
3. html page mainly uses flex display options to manage the overall layout of content organization.\
\
Challenges:\
1. To place all contents in each section the same way that gives viewers same feel and look, and create consistency throughout the entire page of the site\'92s layout. Since each section under \'93Works\'94 displays different media type, and the file sizes are also different, it takes some work to make them look consistent. \
2. I had trouble making the site responsive in the beginning because the original framework had set max width that triggers the response. \
\
Lessons Learned:\
1. Using proper css framework suitable for the scenario helps to display content the way I intend to. \
2. This project incorporates knowledge about css and html I have previously learned in class. For example, sizing each part of the section the same way by having all styling commands attributed to all the sections at the same time.\
3. Need to be careful when utilizing existing html framework to avoid potential errors that don\'92t work for the scenario. \
4. I have seek help from PA when I couldn\'92t understand why certain area of the page isn\'92t responsive. Then, I found out the problem and fixed it under PA\'92s help. He also told me to organize my code in the same file. }